hey YouTube dragon heartstring 43 here
again no it's not friday but i really
couldn't wait to show you something that
I made and no it's not of Legos this
time so haha this is a Gregorovitch
custom one box that I made over the
weekend I guess so ah i made a
Gregorovitch wand box because they have
Ollivanders wand boxes but they never
bothered to mink reward which one boxes
even though they meant cemented him in
the book and I when they came out with
Victor crumbs wand I was kind of hoping
they would make a good ruler of each box
for him just because it would really be
neat to see it so they didn't time went
and that time is gone and I gregorovich
is it isn't in a special box either so I
made my own so it's made I think almost
completely at a cardboard and it's out
of the box that i got from the barnes
and noble um when i ordered the word
volta Marquand and my camera looks on
saturday so so here it is it's painted
yellow i was going to do it right but
i'm having a good paint and it says
Gregorovitch on it and has two little
car gorvich stickers with the g and
these two little asterisks kind of like
the olive and you're saying and over
here it does look different because over
here i'll explain that when i open the
box all right the box on the inside is
just cardboard and you can see the flaws
originally the box is only from here to
here but it wasn't big enough to fit
over the base so i take that with a
piece of cardboard glue that on and then
make another ending for it and then it
didn't really work with the glue anymore
so i had to use clear packing tape and
then I had to use these little cardboard
pieces to make it fit so little mishap
but next time I do it which are
probably gonna do another one not now
not soon but I will make it better than
last time so that's the top and this is
the base and I have to say the base is a
lot better and bottom is white around
the sides is red red tissue paper and
glued on there and it's not it I thought
it would kind of rip but it's not it's a
few pretty sturdy on there so and then
for instead of the curtains on the
Ollivanders box it's white tissue paper
and I like these a lot better because
they don't have the little tassels that
fray so that's why I did it like that
instead of like a ribbon or something i
even made my own certificate of
authenticity and i don't know if you
guys can read it but it reads i do not
own or take credit for the harry potter
trademark all rights go to their
respected owners jg and HP cuz jiggy or
my initials down top says kg and HP
again and said this document certifies
of the enclosed product is a handmade
rendering of what the Creator thought
and what's inspired by taking rolling in
the world of harry potter and it's me I
traced the certificate of authenticity
from one of the elevators boxes ahead
and made two white pieces of paper and
glue them onto cardboard and use the
colored pencil to give it a bluish tint
and I have crumbs wand in here for
obvious reasons because Gregorovitch
maiden wand and if you read the books
you know that and then it's red tissue
paper on the inside and it's glued to
the bottom it's clue to the bottom and
it's a it's pretty much hallway secures
the wand and that's pretty much all the
box so I made all the features of it and
you know what let's get on all of that
in your spot
gettin off my display and so we've
crumbs wandered away using Draco's
because it's a nice color so my box is a
little bit longer and wider by about an
inch and it's about the same it's
brighter doesn't look as much like pee
or mustard it's more of a vibrant and
nice yellow kind of like a school bus
yellow and so the real reason i made
this ron was because I wanted to see a
Gregorovitch one box but that's not the
only reason I am actually going to be
making my own wand I was not gonna
originally do this but I've been
inspired by some of the people who've
done made their own ones and originally
when I started collecting the wands my
dad wanted me to make my own instead of
buy them but I told him I'd rather get
the official wands so he was cool with
that but then I kind of decided on my
own and I have a rough idea of what I
want it to look like so maybe I'll make
a sketch of that and show it to you guys
before actually make it probably not
going to be for a while so that's that
and oh one more thing before I go so uh
I guess if somebody wants me to make one
of these for them it will look better
than mine if somebody wants big reward
each one box like I mean I would
probably be willing to do that for them
and give to them and send it to them
most likely so if you do we want one
then message me or it comment and I'll
see if I'll do it I'm not positive yet
so don't hold me to it but if you'd like
one I'll put you on a list and tell you
later for me to do it or not so that's
really it shout out to sparks 2.38 and
Gold 187 to the wine master one grand
your danger 16 whatever even claw all of
them so that's that comment rate and
subscribe see you tube